docs: update AWS policy for s3 express support (#7080)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/howto/deploy/aws.md

1. From the S3 Administration console, choose _Create Bucket_.
2. Use the following as your bucket policy, filling in the placeholders:

>     **Note:** For Amazon S3 Express One Zone storage class with directory buckets, apply the Standard Permission with s3express.

Reviewer: I would simply change (1) to "Take note of the bucket name you want to use with lakeFS".

        This way, lakeFS will be able to create repositories only under this specific path (see: [Storage Namespace][understand-repository]).
      * lakeFS will try to assume the role `[IAM_ROLE]`.
   </div>
   <div markdown="1" id="bucket-policy-express">

>       In case you like to allow also S3 Express One Zone's directory bucket, the following include `lakeFSDirectoryBucket` segment to allow access to the bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      In case you like to allow also S3 Express One Zone's directory bucket, use the following policy. Note the `lakeFSDirectoryBucket` statement which is specifically required to use this feature.
```

            "Action": [
               "s3:GetObject",
               "s3:PutObject",
               "s3:AbortMultipartUpload",
               "s3:ListMultipartUploadParts"
            ],
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Resource": ["arn:aws:s3:::[BUCKET_NAME_AND_PREFIX]/*"],
            "Principal": {
               "AWS": ["arn:aws:iam::[ACCOUNT_ID]:role/[IAM_ROLE]"]
            }
         },
         {
            "Sid": "lakeFSBucket",
            "Action": [
               "s3:ListBucket",
               "s3:GetBucketLocation",
               "s3:ListBucketMultipartUploads"
            ],
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Resource": ["arn:aws:s3:::[BUCKET]"],
            "Principal": {
               "AWS": ["arn:aws:iam::[ACCOUNT_ID]:role/[IAM_ROLE]"]
            }
         },
         {
            "Sid": "lakeFSDirectoryBucket",
            "Action": [
               "s3express:CreateSession"
            ],
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Resource": "arn:aws:s3express:[REGION]:[ACCOUNT_ID]:bucket/[BUCKET_NAME]"
         }
      ]
   }
      ```

      * The above policy applied for general purpose and directory buckets.

>       * The directory bucket required just the `lakeFSDirectoryBucket` segment which is on the bucket level.

Reviewer: Not needed, IMO
